Update status.txt (#166)
BlockSigner/cove: site/static/my.skribble/status.txt

> We are currently experiencing problems with the delivery of MobileID and text message authorisations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently experiencing problems with the delivery of Mobile ID and text message authorisations.
```
